JRF North Insight Finder
Adel and Peter

stakeholder engagment - what does an ideal insight infrastructure look like?
one more session left?

What people expect
Common problems they have

Data & Digital Models to share insights (ending soonish, early June)
Similar pproach to connected by data
Haveing ocnversation with stakeholders
Focusing on data and digital
Make good data easy to use and engaging to all types of users

Discussion with connected by data and social  
what people value is to start building a movement
getting people on board, being supportive of JRF principles and aims

From his blogs:
People will value insight infra which provides reliable data
"trust" - data brand, data source, provide due reassurances and references
Who will QA any third-party data

Willingness to experiment - to create and connect data that hasn't been done before
"Be open to failure"
Audiences need to be aware of this

Info has no use if those without technical background can't use it

"Keep it human!"

A journey into the data - Giles - start simple with static stories before going into deeper analysis

Blog the introduction to the project

Asset primarily for not

Innovative, take some chances, some will work, some won't
Experiment - 
Democratising data
#radicallyopen

build up the narrative piece as we build the areas out
Core thing to bear in mind, strongest selling point, intention to try to experiment
Create as local as possible data for those in the north, trying to solve problems
In the open, local asset for poeple working locally
Community level as the ideal smallest part

Geography levels may be different by theme or JRF theme

part of JRF, but not part of JRF.

We are the lab where we can experiment
Reach same goal - people & planet thrive
Insihgt infra will take time to help us get there
Here to create conditions for others to be bale to achieve that long term goal

When we poverty is an outcome
But sources, social, economic, are the causes
People who experience hardship - not just financial, social, emotional
- Q what additional or new sources could be used
Wellbeing, health, - try to change this trend - how can we measure these better?

Open Innovations MIT license on the code

Economic/social/poverty data publishing protocols. guidance, top 5 lsit of things ot do, etc.
Data Mill North - etc.

Network of organisations - conition to test whether this coul dbe a place to do some,part,all,none of this

ID friendly organisation to share product with

Map feedback against different target audiences

* Arrange a Github issues training session

Start estimates at local level - what are the geographies?

Work to identify the key stories

* Share the two wokrpices fast

A place where you get the information that informs action

Given the data, the things that you can do are (might be) ... clear sense of direction

